Docs: Create a Full Site Editing overview document (#31065)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/getting-started/full-site-editing.md

# Full Site Editing

Full Site Editing is the umbrella project name for various sub-projects within Gutenberg. Projects under Full Site Editing (FSE) include the Site Editor, Widgets Editor, Navigation Editor, Global Styles, numerous Site/Post/Page specific blocks, Query block, Navigation block, Templates, and block themes.

## Get Involved

> The majority of full site editing features are avilable in the Gutenberg plungin, and an ongoing [FSE Outreach program](https://make.wordpress.org/test/handbook/full-site-editing-outreach-experiment/) is running with calls for testing amongst a community of folks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of full site editing features are available in the Gutenberg plugin, and an ongoing [FSE Outreach program](https://make.wordpress.org/test/handbook/full-site-editing-outreach-experiment/) is running with calls for testing.
```

- Join in on Slack at #fse-outreach-experiment

> - Participate in the [Calls for Testing](https://make.wordpress.org/test/tag/fse-testing-call/) and test and feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Participate in the [Calls for Testing](https://make.wordpress.org/test/tag/fse-testing-call/), test and give feedback.
```

> - See the [How to Test FSE instructions](https://make.wordpress.org/test/handbook/full-site-editing-outreach-experiment/how-to-test-fse/) to get setup to test FSE features.

Reviewer: I think that setting up FSE needs to be a separate part of the documentation outside of the outreach program.

Reviewer: Since it is enough for now, to install a theme with support, and to activate Gutenberg, perhaps this can just be added under the first headline  # Full Site Editing.

Author: Updated with TT1 blocks in the directory and moved up instructions to jump in

## Block Themes

> If you are using the Gutenberg plugin: you can run, test, and develop block themes. Block themes are themes built using templates composed using blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Gutenberg plugin you can run, test, and develop block themes. Block themes are themes built using templates composed using blocks.
```

Reviewer: _Block themes are themes built using templates composed using blocks._

I think we can do better here, this sentence reads a bit strange to me.

- See the [Create a Block Theme](/docs/how-to-guides/block-theme/README.md) tutorial for a walk-through of the pieces of a block theme.

> - If you want to dive right in, see the [github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/) repository. You can download different example block themes there, try the [TT1 Blocks](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/tree/master/tt1-blocks) is a block theme recreating the TwentyTwentyOne default theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to dive right in, see the [github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/) repository. You can download different example block themes there, try the [TT1 Blocks](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/tree/master/tt1-blocks) is a block theme recreating the Twenty Twenty-One default theme.
```

> - If you want to dive right in, see the [github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/) repository. You can download different example block themes there, try the [TT1 Blocks](https://github.com/WordPress/theme-experiments/tree/master/tt1-blocks) is a block theme recreating the TwentyTwentyOne default theme.

Reviewer: I think it is important to mention that TT1 Blocks can be downloaded from the theme directory.

Author: Agreed, great suggestion! I'll add it.

Reviewer: Actually, all current FSE themes that are in the theme directory can be found with the feature filter:
https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/full-site-editing/

Author: Added :+1:

> - Use the `empty-theme.php` script from theme-experiments repo to generate a start block theme, it will prompt you with a few questions and create a theme.

Reviewer: 🤔  This has not been updated since December, **as far as I remember** it does not include the block-templates and block-template-parts directories or theme.json. It needs to be tested to assure that it is up to date before this is included in the docs.
